Deprecation warning for GCC 9, and adding compiler flag (#264)
tblite/tblite: config/CMakeLists.txt

)
set(module-dir "${module-dir}" PARENT_SCOPE)

if (CMAKE_Fortran_COMPILER_ID STREQUAL "GNU")
  if (CMAKE_Fortran_COMPILER_VERSION VERSION_LESS 10.0)
    message(
      WARNING

>       "GNU Fortran version < 10.0 is not fully supported. Please use a newer version if you can."

Author: ```suggestion
      "tblite it not tested with GNU Fortran < 10, functionality might be impacted. The build automatically adds ‘-fno-range-check’ for compatibility. Please upgrade to a newer compiler version if possible."
```
